So we're going to go into the full moon meditation now.
The full moon meditation, it's a time of giving thanks.
It's a time of recognizing that you've been blessed.
It's a time of recognizing that you've received.
It's a time of great appreciation.
It's a time of saying yes to being alive,
to saying yes to the life that's flowing through you.
It's a time of affirming life.
So the full moon is really that sense of the fullness of fulfillment.
And this particular meditation is a meditation of deep appreciation that allows you to see what's being received.
But also because sometimes with the full moon, it will bring forward times of great challenges, for example.
And it allows you to actually see at the core and at the center of every challenge that
you go through, that there's divine intelligence and the divine pulse is at the center of everything.
You're always being guided.
You're always being supported.
There's always intelligence around you that is for your progression, for your advancement,
or your evolution.
And the full moon really brings forward
that massive appreciation for all of that.
So I'm just going to invite you
to come into a space of meditation,
come into a space of center
in your being and yourself.
And for the full moon meditation, we're going to start with the heart.
Just witnessing a light switching on at the center of your heart.
Witness as this light gets stronger, brighter, more intense.
and witness as it moves into the waters of your body, moves into the waters of your veins,
of your blood, activating the waters of your body with divine intelligence.
Witnessing the frequencies as they are activated in your blood, in your waters.
Witnessing the patterns that are made and the intricate intelligence that exists.
and witnessing the heart as the organ, literally the musical organ,
that is instrumental in creating blueprints through vibration.
The heart is the center of the feeling and the emotional body.
And those feelings and emotions are interpreted within the heart as vibratory pulses that
send out rhythms into the bloodlines and into the waters that create patterns.
and those patterns are matched in the energetic frequencies all around you.
It's one of the reasons why the heart is incapable of lying because a heart can only ever
vibrate exactly what's there as a frequency, as a blueprint, as a template into the bloodlines
liquids of you that create templates and blueprints in the
subtle energies and in the field of you.
So in this moment, let the vibration of the heart open up
to appreciation.
Let the vibration of the heart open up to a sense of fulfillment.
Let the vibration of the heart open up to love that comes from deep-seated gratitude.
Witness as a heart says yes to what has been received.
Witness as a heart says yes to divine intelligence.
and witness as a heart says no to the things that are not in alignment.
Witness as a heart creates boundaries and holds integrity
for things that are not a resonant match.
And it does that so that it can say yes.
It says no so that it can say a deeper yes.
and witness as this yes is sent to every single cell of your body
and it's sent to every single cell of your body as nourishment and nutrients
It's sent to every single cell of your body as aliveness and life.
And witness as the cells open up to receive this sense of aliveness, this sense of life.
witness how the building blocks and the intelligence within the cell
is given a sense of well-being
a sense of integrity
a sense of empowered strength
witness as this yes moves into the cells of the bones into the cells of the skeletal structure of
you
so that the way that you stand the way that you sit
The way that you move in the world around this yes has empowered integrity at the center of it.
See how it moves into your bone marrow and into the creative elements of your structure and strength.
Seeing how this yes moves into the flesh of you, into the skin of you, so it radiates
and hums and vibrates on the surface levels of your body.
See how this appreciation and gratitude moves into the organs, the lungs, the liver, the
kidneys, every single organ of your body.
Humming and vibrating with appreciation, with gratitude, with life, with yes.
See how it moves into the brain?
into the pineal gland at the center of the brain,
into the entire head space,
this frequency of appreciation, of gratitude,
of life, of yes.
and now witness how this appreciation moves out into your energy field
how it vibrates and hums
in the auric field of you
See how this yes, this appreciation, this gratitude begins to meet the world around you.
So anybody else saying yes, anybody else feeling appreciation,
anybody else feeling this deep-seated gratitude can feel a match.
can feel a resonance.
Witness a space where life meets life.
Aliveness meets aliveness.
Appreciation meets appreciation.
Love meets love.
Notice how natural all of this is.
And now witness as this moves out into the cosmos, into all of the
the multitude of linear expressions of you and beyond.
All the humming and vibrating with appreciation,
with gratitude, with life and with yes.
You become a light that reflects the sun as the moon reflects the sun.
You become amplified by this light of the sun as the moon is amplified by the light of the sun.
And this entire revelation that occurs at the full moon, where every aspect of the face
of the moon is lit up, is also being felt in you.
As every aspect of your own self is lit up with your aliveness, with your appreciation,
with your fulfillment, with your sense of yes.
Just taking a moment to ruminate in this energy.
And noticing that when you give yourself the time to do this,
you give yourself the gift of allowing the universe
to respond to you as this.
Appreciate everything that you've received.
Appreciate all of the ways that you loved.
Appreciate all of the people that are around you that see you and love you as you are.
Appreciate all of the joys.
Appreciate all of the contractions and the challenges as they've brought you into empowered places within yourself.
appreciate your capacity to see divinity in everything
appreciate your creativity and all of the ways that the divine chooses to express through you
Appreciate how unique you are as a thumbprint of source.
Appreciate the space that you've been given on this planet.
It is an opportunity that is prized.
and it's not given to every single being that desires to be here but it was given to you
appreciation for this planet and the way that it holds you the way that it allows you to be a guest
to express yourself in this unique, original, divine way.
And you could just take a moment to appreciate and say thank you for all of the
personal things that have happened in the course of the last month,
in the course of the last year.
Whatever feels in alignment for you.
It's just bringing your energy back to the center of your heart.
and with it, bringing this sense of appreciation and gratitude and aliveness and yes and love
to the center of your heart space.
Knowing that you can come back to this at any point.
And when you're ready, just open your eyes.
