Okay, so coming into breath, coming into breathing from the diaphragm,
filling your lungs on your in-breath, emptying them on your out-breath,
and just opening up for the wisdom of the phases of the moon
opening up for a connection with the soul of the moon
opening up for a connection with our perspective
of the moon so many things coming forward in just that beginning statement
so the first thing to be said here is that the moon has around about a 28 day cycle
and when the moon is cycling around the earth it only ever shows one face or one aspect of itself
And that aspect of itself is highly influential in terms of the way that it ripples energetically through the earth.
It really, really affects the water of the earth.
It affects the way that water moves through the body.
It affects the way that water moves through the seas, the oceans, the rivers.
it affects all of that and it also affects reproduction as a result of that because
many times reproduction is very very dependent on the movement of the waters within the body
the movement of the liquids within the body and also the movement of the liquids within
the ocean and the movement of the liquids within the waters of the earth itself.
So we think about rain patterns, for example.
We think about the ways that the soil and the earth receives water.
The moon plays a massive part in all of those rhythms, basically,
because as it moves around the earth it basically moves in a way that it it sort of pulls energy
with it all around the earth and as it's pulling that energy through it is actually creating
ripples on the earth and the waters of the earth the other part to be said about the moon as well
is that basically it's reflecting the sun and it's bringing a completely different perspective
of the reflection of the sun. When the new moon happens, the sun and the moon are
next to each other and they're literally holding hands as equal partnership then
and it's one of the reasons why it gives the portal for the new beginnings to occur
and then as the moon begins to move it begins to reflect elements of the sun from the new moon it
starts to open out and you can see more of the moon because of the reflection of the sun into it
and then when we get to the full moon the sun is right opposite the moon and so it reflects
completely 100 percent into the moon that allows the moon to light up with the sun's reflection
and we are basically being influenced by this dance that the sun and the moon are having with
each other when we're working with nature in this way we can actually work with this rhythm of the
dance to harness the energy of this relationship that the sun and the moon are having and also to
portals that they create in collaboration with each other.
So when we're moving into the waxing moon,
we're literally moving into more of the sun being reflected into the moon.
And we're moving into that sense of revealing more and more of something,
revealing more and more of the dynamics inherent in a particular kind of energy and frequency
so then if you're opening up for abundance this is really
revealing more and more the dynamics of growth progression prosperity openings
and you're able to see more and more of what it is that you're manifesting this is why the
guidance can come through with much more clarity when the moon is waxing when the moon is grow
when the moon is growing in terms of light it allows you to grow the light of whatever it is
that you're creating. So just taking a moment to breathe and witness.
Because as this makes its way into the cellular knowing of you, you become
the third party in this collaboration.
you create a triad with the moon and the sun in this collaboration
and the triad connects directly to the earth so you become a catalyst not only for the
manifestations that you're doing in your own life but also as a manifestation catalyst
in the way that you connect with the earth.
When it comes into full moon,
you're coming into that place of real appreciation.
Now, what does appreciation do?
it opens you up to the energetics of flow and receiving.
When you say thank you, there's something in the heart that opens up that says I've received something.
And in that opening up, there is flow.
when you say i appreciate there is something in the heart that is appreciated
it's appreciating it's growing as a result of that
when you say i am grateful there is something in the heart that goes right into the center
and the core of the heart as something a seed that's dropped in there that is actually opening
and expanding its light outwards, radiating its light outwards, gratitude.
So when we are in this place of appreciation, of gratitude, in the full moon, we become a mirror of light meeting light.
the sunlight meets the moonlight meets our light the triad is complete and the only way
that the sunlight meets the moonlight meets our light is if we are in appreciation if we are in
gratitude just breathing and witnessing
and then we come into the waning moon we come into the moon where the sun
is becoming less reflective the moon is becoming darker and in those times we get to move into the
darkness of our own being this is a time where we release this is a time where we let go
this is a time where we allow ourselves to heal but by by actually saying i no longer need this
so with a deep bow of appreciation thank you i release i let go i release i let go i release i
use the darkening of the moon as a way to release.
And it's lessening the light.
So it's basically taking the concentration,
taking the consciousness out of something
that might be dying or dead, for example.
then when we come into that closing stage of the waxing the waning moon sorry when we come into
the closing stage of the waning moon we're literally coming into the stage where we say
thank you very much for everything that has been released. I now commit to closing the door.
I now commit to burying this and allowing it to return back to the earth. I now commit
to releasing this energy and allowing it to become something else. I give this energy back.
it is now available to take a different form
this is so necessary in the part of the process but generally sometimes what happens is that we
we hold on to something that's dead or dying and the energy is already transforming it's already
released but because we're holding on to it it has no expression of release so then it becomes
part of us and it it can lead to a sense of feeling decay within our own cells illness disease
happens as a result of this holding on because the energy is released it's it's already transforming
into something else and so it requires us to release it for that transformation.
When we can actually work with these phases we come into this sense of homeostasis,
we come into the sense of balance with nature and with the earth itself.
now i'm just being brought into that phase
where just before the full moon
where we let go and we allow and just before the closing where we also let go and allow
there's a phase in in both of those elements of the cycle where we surrender
where we say i have done my part
universe is now your move
where we completely let god
and this is so much a necessary part of the phase because this is a part where we are able to tap
into the universality of us that will always surpass the human mind the human capacity
the human experience the human limitations
and this is the place where quantum occurs the quantum leap the quantum change the quantum shift
the quantum transformation and when we speak the language of quantum in this place we just speak
the language of naturally becoming the butterfly naturally becoming the the dragonfly naturally
metamorphosis occurs and that metamorphosis to the human is not completely understood because
a human knows only the limits of what it's been shown
and beautiful as that is it doesn't include the limitless it doesn't include
the boundless it doesn't include abundance even a lot of the times
and so in this pattern of surrendering we release the limitations of our human confinement
and we allow soul divinity to bring forward the limitless
omnipresent element
that leads to the transformation for us that for a lot of times when this occurs when we're
allowing the surrender and we're allowing the shift of the energy to move forward within us
within the very being of us within the cellular structure of us without any barriers or boundaries
or the head looping around something or the holding on to something
or the sense of we can't, we can't.
If we could just breathe and let go,
the human is always delighted and surprised by what can occur.
And this becomes a process of training.
It becomes a process of alchemy.
It becomes a process of magic even, you can say.
And magic in this way is just coming out of what we think we know
and being shown something completely different.
Something that we didn't even know was there.
And it's a trick of the mind, which is one of the reasons why we say magic.
it was always there but because of the limitations of the human it wasn't seen it wasn't perceived
it wasn't possible
and just the relinquishing of those limitations
suddenly it's like oh my gosh I didn't even realize that that was even a remote
possibility. It's just opening and receiving.
This is also where the language of miracles lives and there's a slight difference or variation in
magic versus miracle. With magic it's basically just a light turning on and you can see the room
with miracle there's a frequency that's instilled
that wasn't possible to be instilled because of the blocks and limitations that were there
and suddenly a whole new portal a whole new world a whole new existence opens up as a result of that
and these spaces of surrender are the spaces of magic and miracles
so just taking a moment to really root into the wisdom root into
the intelligence
that is here for you
within the natural cycles of the moon and all its phases
and when you're ready just opening your eyes
