So we're going to start first with the new moon activation, which is essentially an activation around new beginnings.
These will come through as quite powerful cellular activations, basically, but they'll come through in meditation form.
So if you just come into a place where you're centering yourself within your body, closing your eyes, making a connection with the bottom of your feet and the base of your spine simultaneously.
So essentially making a connection with the root of you.
and just seeing a light switching on at your base and then seeing that light moving down
to switch on the lower half of your body so that your thighs, your knees, your calves,
your ankles, your feet are all lit up from the inside
and notice how your feet are meeting the earth beneath you
from that lit state
and just noticing as the earth comes up to meet you in this activated state
your activation is demanding a reflection from the earth that is also activated
And just witnessing this light moving up your body,
so that is filling your abdominals,
filling your chest, moving down into your arms, forearms, hands, fingers,
up through your throat,
up through your head to the top of your head.
and taking a moment to witness that on the inside you are activated, switched on, lit up.
And this activation is just coming into conscious connection with yourself on the inside
and activating divine consciousness on the inside.
And now witnessing a laser beam of light moving down from the feet to the center of the earth,
and simultaneously witness a laser beam moving from the crown of your head into the center of
the cosmos.
Witness as you connect on a frequency level to the heartbeat of the cosmos and you connect
on a frequency level to the heartbeat of the earth.
and witness yourself as the catalyst and conduit for this conscious connection.
Now, when we speak the language of new beginnings, we're speaking the language of the unknown.
time we're speaking the language of coming outside of the parameters that you have created
and the experiences that you have had and the ways that you've accumulated perspectives
over your time to validate whatever model you have of the world when we speak about
beginnings, we're literally speaking about letting that go. It could be letting it go for a split
moment. It could be letting it go forever. It could be letting it go for a time. But it's really
relinquishing all that you think you know, so that you can open up to the possibilities that exist
past your known reality.
And when we're opening up to possibilities in this kind of way,
we're really opening up for ourselves as a physical entity
to be schooled by ourselves as an infinite entity.
Just breathing and witnessing.
It's where your soul begins to school your humans.
and where the divine begins to school your soul.
This is where you are encouraged to dream big dreams.
But dreaming big dreams, not from the place of the elusive lottery winning,
where it is a dream that actually is nice in the mind,
but is not in anywhere near your cellular structure.
So it's not physical, it's not rooted, it's not in the reality.
This kind of a dream is a dream that humans are very familiar with,
but it's also a dream that basically is akin to unfulfilled desires
because it is a dream that sort of stays in the dream state
and it never finds its way into the root of the reality.
The encouragement is to dream big
and to keep rooting that dream into the core of your earth
into the core of your reality.
It is for your dreams to feel stretchy,
for your dreams to feel slightly uncomfortable,
for your dreams to feel like unknown to you.
You have no idea how you're gonna do that.
And at the same time, you are engaged
and actively switched on
to find out how you're going to do that.
You're engaged to the guidance.
You're engaged to the one foot in front of the other.
You're engaged in your reality
to bringing these dreams into form.
And essentially, this is the reason
why most humans incarnate into this time and space.
to have the experience of being the catalyst of an entire universe.
So in this moment, in this space, in this time,
Open for your soul to bring forward a vision of what your big dream is.
Open for your soul to bring forward a vision.
of what your big dream is.
And just allowing this to ruminate in the mindscape, to ruminate at the center of the
to ruminate in the energy of the intuition,
to ruminate in the third eye,
letting the frequency of this vision
fill your entire brain cavity.
So both the subconscious and the unconscious,
and the conscious and the aware elements are all being activated at the same time.
So this frequency moves forward into your reality as you're walking towards it
and it moves backwards into your past reality
so that everything that comes from the past
is supporting the present of this vision and dream.
Just witnessing as this frequency moves
into the left and the right hemispheres of the brain.
So that the doing elements of yourself, the elements that are more masculine, the elements
that are more projective, forward moving, are being supported and activated.
and the creative elements, the subtle elements,
the receiving elements are switched on and activated.
And now moving this vision down into the heart space
as a frequency.
The heart has already got the message, but you're just bringing conscious awareness to your heart.
The heart will be the delineation in terms of what feels yes and what feels no.
The heart will be the element that will bring the agreements into realization.
as you agree to this big vision the realization comes in
and the encouragement is to connect in with the heart
because in this way you're connecting into the clarity of this delineation
the clarity of the yes and the clarity of the no as it supports your vision moving forward
just allowing this frequency now to vibrate in the throat and vibrate within the vibratory field of you
so that your vibration, the energy around you that moves and hums is activated by your vision.
But it's also activated by the clarity of your third eye and activated by the clarity of your heart at the same time.
And these two activations are supporting the way that the vibration comes forward
and clarifying the way that the vibration comes forward.
Bringing this energy down into the navel point, the solar plexus,
so that your identity and your I am
is being guided into this big vision.
So that your divinity is using this vision as a way
to open portals for you to connect deeper into
the elements of your own infinite self.
And just a note here that basically anything that happens, whether it be in your business,
whatever comes forward as a vision for you, first off is basically on a frequency level
and also on a soul and divine level is simply a portal for you to get to understand and know
yourself on deeper levels. The human interacts with it in a very different way because a human
is interacting in the world and the world is the only thing that a human knows. And so then it
becomes more about all of the elements within the business and how the business operates and
you know how you bring this forward and how you market it and how you sell it and all of these
things but essentially even all of those things are simply portals for your consciousness
to get to understand yourself as a divine being on deeper and wider and greater levels
Taking this down into the sacral of you, taking it down into the belly space of you, into the womb of you.
And also into all of the channels of the lower part of your body.
these are the areas that create these are the areas that
open up for the incubation to occur and give space for the growth to occur give space
for the formation to occur.
So taking this big vision into the womb space,
taking this big vision into the yoni of you, into the channel of you,
so that you essentially become
impregnated with this vision and impregnated from the point of view of just allowing your
womb space to become the incubator that grows this and brings all of the elements of form
together to create the blueprint of it that will then be matched in the world.
And noticing that the womb space knows exactly what to do. We're bringing consciousness into this
so that you can begin to understand with clarity that all elements of yourself are already switched
on in terms of intelligence, they already know exactly what to do. We're just educating the human.
And just bringing this energy down into the legs and into the feet of you so that you can bring
this frequency to the earth and witnessing as this frequency goes right into the center
of the earth.
And as it does that, it illuminates all of the pathways on the surface of the earth,
all of the grids on the surface of the earth, so that you're easily guided in physical form
to your big vision.
Just taking a moment to witness yourself as fully activated.
Witness your vision as fully seeded and planted.
and witness how the intelligence comes together to weave form.
this is a meditation that you can do at the beginning and at the start of anything that's
coming forward whether it be a project whether it be something that you're beginning within
a new business, whether it be an idea that's coming forward, a collaboration that's coming forward,
that you open up for the biggest vision for it that your soul can bring forward.
and then you take that vision and you bring it into all of the energy portals within your being
and allow it to be seeded
and allow the earth to multiply it.
so bringing your energy up from the center of the earth to the bottom of your feet
and your awareness back into your body bringing the energy down from the center of the cosmos
to the top of your head and your awareness back into your body and just witness as your cells are
activated with this intelligence of this vision of yours. And now just opening consciously for
the guidance moving forward. What needs to happen in this day? What needs to happen in this moment?
What is your next step? Knowing that you will be guided.
and when you're ready just opening your eyes
