Coming into meditation.
Just coming into alignment with your solar plexus.
Coming into alignment with your navel point.
coming into alignment with your sense of personal power
coming into alignment with yourself as a divine expression a divine entity
coming into alignment with yourself as a sovereign being
this is a space where we get to clean and cleanse
it's also the space where we honor
our ancestral pathways, our lineage, because through the navel point where we were navel
to navel with our mom in the womb space and where we received nutrients, but we also received
programming. We received a sense of what the world was to be.
and it's very interesting because there is a point in
the womb space story where the grandmother
holds the mother but also holds the granddaughter in her womb at the same time
because as your mother was being formed in the womb of your grandmother,
the conception of you, the egg of you, was also being formed.
And there was a point in that formation where your grandmother held both you and your mother.
and this is a cyclical story that goes past back and back and back
so when you are healing
if you are healing
in a way that's aligning you to a point where you're saying no
to something that actually is no longer serving on this level of lineage
so that you can say a greater yes to the activation of aliveness and life.
You say that no not only for you, but you say that no for your mother.
and you say that no for your grandmother
and your grandmother also was in a womb at one point
as her mother was in the womb of her mother
and this is how we go back lineage generation to generation
frequencies to frequencies being passed through the lineage
and there's a consciousness that we can bring to this letting go process
where we just simply need to recognize
all of what we contain
It's not necessary to go sifting into the lives and the patterns of all of these generations
in the lineage. But the simple recognition of what you contain will mean that when you
let go, you also understand the depth of the letting go. And you also understand yourself
as a catalyst for a deeper sense of healing
across all time, space, and reality.
So taking a moment to really allow your soul
to work with you here,
around all of the no's.
seeing your light switching on at your solar plexus and seeing that light as it begins to
emanate and grow radiate so that it's filling your entire body
and as this light fills your body it brings this sense of your i am the sense of your inner knowing
the sense of you as an individuated thumbprint of source into your awareness.
Allowing this light to fill your body and then move into your auric field.
bringing your unique flavor of source your unique flavor of the thumbprint of source into your auric field
and just seeing this creation moving into the cosmos
bringing your unique flavor of source,
your unique flavor of being the thumbprint of source into the cosmos.
And see it moving into all spaces, all times, all reality.
Bringing divinity into all of it as it expresses through you.
until the awareness comes in that you are the center of the universe.
You are the center of the divinely expressed universe as it occurs through you.
And witness as you say yes to this.
Witness as you say yes to the wholeness of you.
witness as you say yes to all of the ways that you've been gifted
witness as you say yes to being sovereign
yes to being divine
witness as you say yes to your freedom yes to your liberation
Witness as you say yes to the limitlessness of you, to the boundless elements of you.
Witness as you say yes to choice, yes to the capacity to say yes or no.
witness as you say yes to the vastness of you
yes to the interconnectedness of you
just breathing a witnessing
Now bringing your awareness to the human as an avatar for all of this vastness, all of
this infinite expression.
Give thanks to the human that you are.
And as you take up consciousness within your human,
this is where you activate all of the areas where
you say no so you can say a deeper yes.
Saying no to be minimizing,
to being minimized, to being less of,
to being contracted by the thoughts of another,
by the ideas of another.
Being able to recognize this with ease, with grace,
and being able to transmute this with ease and grace.
Being able to alchemize this with ease and grace.
Saying no to all of the spaces that you have minimized your own self,
have considered your own self to be less than,
have considered your own self to be not enough,
and opening up so that you can transmute this with ease and grace.
alchemize this with ease and grace.
Shift and transform this with ease and grace.
Saying no to all of the spaces where you hold on to pain, to trauma, to past hurts,
because there's familiarity there.
But in essence, you're holding onto them long past where the lesson was learned, where the divine intelligence within the center of it has been received.
And where any usefulness of it no longer exists.
So allowing for this to be alchemized with grace and ease,
for the letting go process to happen with grace and ease,
for the transformation and transmutation to occur with grace and ease.
all of the ways where there's been contractions that have come through the lineage
and it doesn't really matter where these contractions have come from
but that they're in your field or in their and in your
consciousness and awareness
in a way that feels rooted
just allowing for that to be released, allowing for that root, those roots to be let go of
with grace and with ease,
allowing the transformation to occur with grace and ease,
alchemization occurring with grace and ease.
All of the ways that there's been reductions because of being a woman,
whether there's been violations or whether there's been perspectives, ways of seeing,
that have led to an experience of being reduced as a woman,
bringing intelligence, divine intelligence, right at the core of that,
so that there's a deep-seated know that is said,
and with that know comes a transmutation,
transformation,
alchemization,
and all of this occurs with grace and ease.
Anywhere where there's wounds in terms of sister wounds or brother wounds, fatherly wounds, motherly wounds.
Releasing, letting go.
saying no so that you can say yes to alignment,
to greater expansion, to more loving relationships,
transmuting, transforming, alchemizing, releasing,
with grace and ease.
Anywhere where there's contraction around resources,
around the capacity to receive, around the capacity to give,
around the capacity to welcome in, streams of income, money,
being paid
creating services
being served
all of the ways where there's reciprocity
exchange
and where there could be
contractions and limitations
reductions
center of all of that, bringing divine intelligence to the sacred know that allows for the release,
the letting go, the alchemization, transformation and transmutation, all with grace and ease.
saying no to all of the ways that
there's a reduction in the way that we put ourselves down
making ourselves wrong
The inner dialogue that doesn't serve, that takes away from, that minimizes, that reduces.
The ways of seeing yourself that are less than loving.
that are not life-affirming, that might be toxic.
Just bringing divine intelligence to the center of all of that.
And just witnessing the sacred know
that allows for the release, for the transmutation,
for the transformation, for the alchemization,
all with grace and ease.
And just witnessing and feeding into where there might be sacred no's
that are more personal to you.
Anywhere that you're stopping your growth, anywhere that you're stopping your evolution,
anywhere that you're stopping life.
Anywhere that advancement is being stopped.
Progression is being stopped.
Allowing for the release, for the letting go, for the alchemization, for the transmutation.
All with grace and ease.
Anywhere where you think it's not possible for you to actually have what you desire.
Anywhere where you think it is not possible for you not to struggle.
It's not possible for you not to have surplus.
It's not possible for you not to have ease.
It's not possible for you to have resources.
anywhere where you're stopping that sense of
or limiting that sense of abundance
that sense of having that sense of being fulfilled
that sense of surplus to releasing letting go
transmutation
transformation
alchemization
with grace and
grace
anywhere where
there may be
vows of poverty
where there might
be vows of
less
anywhere where power has been given to others because the assumption is that you can't look
after yourself
anywhere where there hasn't been a sense of grown being grown or growing up or adulting
in terms of resources, in terms of owning resources,
in terms of earning resources.
It's releasing and letting all of that go.
Grace, ease, alchemization.
Transformation, transmutation.
with grace and ease.
Anywhere where the gifts of the soul are being blocked,
maybe it's because of something that was said in childhood maybe it's because of limited perspective
maybe it's because of just not knowing how and not thinking that there's a way
releasing letting go transforming transmutating
transmuting alchemizing with grace and ease
anywhere where there's a block around sensuality around being a woman around being able to grow
around being able to create things.
Anywhere where there's less than loving ways of seeing yourself.
It's releasing, letting go, transforming, transmuting, alchemizing with grace and use.
And this can move on, this can go forward into your day and you can continue throughout the day just alchemizing and letting go.
But the ultimate thing is to bring your perspective.
And again, this is all about schooling the human.
it back into alignment with the fullness of yourself as a divine expression that has access
to an entire universe.
And releasing and letting go any limitations or any saying no to anything that contracts
so you are unable to connect to this access that you have to an entire universe.
Giving thanks, bringing the energy back into the solar plexus,
bringing your awareness back into your body
and just allowing for this deeper release to occur
with absolute grace and ease
water would be a very good thing
yeah water and and um making sure that you're hydrating would be a very very good thing after all of that
