All right, so the waxing moon, the time where the moon is getting bigger, where we are opening
to receiving, opening to abundance, opening to saying yes on greater levels to more of
ourselves saying yes to confidence to esteem to growth to evolution to progression to moving
forward saying yes to as much as we can say yes to basically this is a really good time for um
opening up for growth projects so anything that we're opening up to grow opening up so in a
business for example things like growing clients in a space growing community growing progression
growing financial abundance
saying yes to welcoming in things that feel joyful that are filled with love
and saying yes to the growth element is basically what happens with waxing so as the moon
reveals more of itself as the moon grows in our perspective so that we're also opening up to growth
coming into breath coming into breathing from the diaphragm
filling the lungs as we're breathing in,
emptying them as we're breathing out.
And with this one,
we're being brought down to the root,
being brought to the base of the spine,
but ultimately being brought to the skeletal structure,
so the spinal column and the whole skeletal structure and then being brought to the ways
that we meet the earth with our skeletal structure. So just witnessing as the base of the spine lights
up, witnessing as this light moves into the pelvis and the skeletal structure of the pelvis
moving down into the bones and the skeletal structure of the thighs, the knees, the calves, ankles, feet.
And witnessing as it moves up the body so that it's filling your spinal column,
filling the ribs, the chest, the entire rib cage.
Witness as it's filling the throat,
filling the skull,
all of the bones in the face.
So everything that's giving you structure,
everything that's giving you form,
everything that is holding you together
is being filled with your light,
your divine essence, your divine blueprint,
your divine awareness, your divine consciousness.
So in this session, we're working with the waxing moon.
We're working with taking the skeletal structure,
taking this structured element, taking this framework,
and allowing it to be empowered, strengthened, for the integrity at the center of it to be established, re-established.
And with this comes a sense of trust, a sense of security.
and from this place we open to expansion
just bringing the awareness to the earth and bringing the awareness to where our lit up
skeletal structure is meeting the earth beneath us and witnessing as a light in the earth
is activated and our grid in the earth is activated. Your grid in the earth is activated.
And witnessing that on an entire globe, you have a grid that spans the entire globe.
Witnessing that for you, maybe there's a part of the globe that's expanded and lit up or activated.
Maybe there's a small part that's expanded and activated.
and there's no judgment in this whatsoever
but at the same time just witnessing the capacity
that you have
so witness what is actually lit up at the moment
and then witnessing the capacity that you have
and witnessing that capacity lighting up
Now with the waxing moon, what we have is basically more and more of the capacity of the moon is being seen.
And with this, we're having more and more of our grid, more and more of our capacity being seen.
In this element, we're opening up to grow. We're opening up to expand.
So we're opening up to grow and expand the perspective of what we have the capacity.
to receive
just opening up for the things that you're growing the things that you're expanding the
things that you're welcoming in and this could be in your life it could be in your business
maybe it's money maybe it's community maybe it's experiences
maybe it's certain relationships
maybe it's creating and creation
maybe it's content maybe it's connection
Maybe it's your capacity to be more alive.
Maybe it's health.
Maybe it's wellness and wellbeing.
But just open to all of the things
that you're saying yes to
in terms of progression and growth.
and just opening now from this connection that you've got with your earth grid opening to
bring your awareness to the crown of your head and just to bring your awareness to the activation
of the cosmic elements,
the universal elements of your grid.
And again, noticing the capacity
of this blueprint, this grid,
as it goes through all times and spaces,
as it goes through the entire universe.
And again, we come to the point
where you are the center of your universe.
and you're lighting up and activating an entire universe, the entire universe.
And witnessing as the things that you're progressing, the things that you're growing,
gets activated in the universal field of you.
And now with this activation, just opening up for more and more of this to be revealed
in your physical form, in your physical experience, in your physical reality.
so if it's health and well-being
opening up for the people who will act as reflections opening up for the experiences
opening up for environments and events opening up for spaces that are just filled with wellness
and well-being and so they tap in and act as catalysts for the activation of your wellness
and well-being that these be brought forward in physical form and be revealed more and more in
physical form as you move forward.
If it's business and if it's activating new clients,
just seeing the grid switched on, both on a physical level and on a cosmic universal level,
witnessing that you are being guided
to the spaces to the places
you're being guided to the ways that you can activate more and more
so that people just simply show up or you are placed in
situations and experiences where you can activate people.
Witnessing the grace and the evolution at the center of all of that.
if it's about finances and resources and more money
witnessing this frequency activating on your grid
in physical form and also witnessing this frequency activating on your grid
in universal form
so you're being guided, you're being directed,
and also that you're opening up streams very naturally
for money to flow to you,
for resources to flow to you,
for places of exchange to flow to you.
I'm just witnessing as more and more of the grid is activated, more and more of the capacity
of the grid is revealed.
Now I'm being brought to the actual grid
and the experience of the grid.
So there's a sense of placing your feet on the earth
or the ground beneath you.
And just witnessing as the earth is activated,
however that witnessing comes for you.
It might be that you see light,
a light grid activated in the earth.
It might be that you just feel a pulse in the earth.
that it's just an awareness, a conscious awareness of the connection to the earth.
But however this activation occurs,
just seeing and feeling a sense of switching on.
And then noticing where this switching on naturally guides you to.
Maybe it guides you to a particular place.
Maybe it guides you to travel.
Maybe it guides you to a place in nature.
Maybe it guides you to make a connection through an email.
Make a connection through sending a voice message.
but ultimately it will guide you to connect the dot
so it will guide you to connect a dot and connecting a dot is basically bringing your
physical self your physical vibration your physical being into connection with something else
and as you do this, it opens up more, it reveals more and more of your grid,
and that revelation is happening in your consciousness, but it's also happening in
the reality of your energy field.
Now, the next thing that's coming forward is aligned action.
Very often we feel like aligned action should bring immediate results.
And ultimately aligned action just acts as an activation for the connection of the dots.
So for example, you might connect with someone with a voice note.
and maybe that voice note isn't responded to straight away but maybe the connection of the
voice note opens up something in the field that that means that somebody else connects to you
because it opens a readiness in the field it opens something in the field that says yes
I'm activated, I'm ready, I'm switched on. Maybe there's a sense of going to a particular place,
and you get to the particular place and nothing major is happening, but you're there.
But something about that place activates something within you. Maybe it's a frequency in the place,
maybe it's somebody in the place that carries a particular frequency, but activates you in a way
the field and also activates your grid.
And it says, yes, I'm here, I'm open, I'm ready.
And it opens a portal for something to occur.
So this is a way that these activations happen.
And they need a level of consistency with them
because it's about connecting the dots
so more and more of the capacity is connected.
when the moon is waxing just because we can't see the moon doesn't mean the moon is
not there so just because we can see only a sliver of the moon doesn't mean that the rest of the moon
isn't existing and this is essentially what we're doing with the connecting of the dots
We're literally opening up to reveal more and more of our capacity by going out into the world or being in the world or expressing in the world that allows for the dots to be connected.
So opening up for all of this with grace and evolution.
opening up for all of this with a sense of natural resonance
opening for all of this with a sense of it being in flow and in alignment
opening up for you to connect the dots that reveals more and more of yourself and your
capacity as a universal being, your capacity as being at the center of your universe.
And with the growth element, with growing, it's simply connecting more and more dots.
so what occurs in the beginning stage is that the activation is there and the activation
requires consistency because it requires the same pulse the same frequency to be available
as the resonant match before that happens the frequency goes in and out
so it needs basically a conscious connection for you that's there to be a consistency in
is pulsing. And as this frequency begins to pulse, it begins to activate more and more of the field,
activating more and more of the resonant matches.
And as a frequency is pulsing, it's only because you're connecting the dots. That's activating
more and more of your field. And as you connect more of the dots, more of the dots are connected
on a universal level. So just bringing this into the heart and into the core of you, bringing this
into the skeletal structure of you, bringing this into the beingness of you, that you'll be
empowered in your stance. You'll be empowered in the way that you're able to bring this forward
and to connect the dots and that this will feel in alignment.
All right, bringing this energy back from the cosmos into your body, bringing this energy
up from your grid at the center of the earth and in the earth into your physical body,
bringing this intelligence right into the skeletal structure of you,
and knowing that this is available to you at any time.
And when you're ready, opening your eyes.
